README.md, before:

## Using headless Chrome as an automated screenshot tool

This repo contains an example implementation of using headless Chrome as an automated screenshot tool on linux, which is a common use case for PhantomJS. Contributions are welcome.

### Chrome Version

Headless Chrome is still new and unstable, and the API changes with each new major Chrome version. Our master branch is currently targeting **Chrome 60**–the current stable Chrome version. You may need to modify the script if you wish to target another version.

### Setup on Linux

The setup below was used on a [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/) running Ubuntu 14 Trusty Tahr. It assumes you've already cloned the repo and run `npm install`.

```sh
# Install Google Chrome
# https://askubuntu.com/questions/79280/how-to-install-chrome-browser-properly-via-command-line
sudo apt-get install libxss1 libappindicator1 libindicator7
wget https://dl.google.com/linux/direct/google-chrome-stable_current_amd64.deb
sudo dpkg -i google-chrome*.deb  # Might show "errors", fixed by next line
sudo apt-get install -f

# Install Node Stable (v8)
curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_8.x | sudo -E bash -
sudo apt-get install -y nodejs

# Run Chrome as background process
# https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/lkgr/headless/README.md
# --disable-gpu currently required, see link above
google-chrome --headless --hide-scrollbars --remote-debugging-port=9222 --disable-gpu &

# Take the screenshot
node index.js --url="http://www.eff.org"
```

The screenshot will then be available as *output.png*

### Setup on OSX

Headless Chrome is still highly unstable on OSX (see issue [#1](https://github.com/schnerd/chrome-headless-screenshots/issues/1)). At this point in time I recommend just running chrome & node in docker or vagrant (Dokerfile/Vagrantfile pull requests welcome).

If you must run it natively, use the following commands:
```
/Applications/Google\ Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google\ Chrome --headless --remote-debugging-port=9222 --disable-gpu
node index.js --url="http://www.eff.org"
```

If screenshots on Mac do not appear to be working, please report an issue on [ChromeDevTools/devtools-protocol](https://github.com/ChromeDevTools/devtools-protocol), [cyrus-and/chrome-remote-interface](https://github.com/cyrus-and/chrome-remote-interface), or chromium itself.

### Other Resources

- [Getting Started with Headless Chrome](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/04/headless-chrome#screenshots)
- [Headless Chromium](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/lkgr/headless/README.md)
- [Chrome Debugging Protocol Viewer](https://chromedevtools.github.io/debugger-protocol-viewer/tot/)

Commit message:

make index.js and chrome run within a Docker container
- needed to change index.js to allow output to be saved in a
separate directory, so that this directory could be shared via
a volume
- added section to README.md explaining the
"libudev: udev_has_devtmpfs: name_to_handle_at on /dev: Operation not permitted"
warning

README.md, after:

## Using headless Chrome as an automated screenshot tool

This repo contains an example implementation of using headless Chrome as an automated screenshot tool on linux, which is a common use case for PhantomJS. Contributions are welcome.

### Chrome Version

Headless Chrome is still new and unstable, and the API changes with each new major Chrome version. Our master branch is currently targeting **Chrome 60**–the current stable Chrome version. You may need to modify the script if you wish to target another version.

### Setup on Linux

The setup below was used on a [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/) running Ubuntu 14 Trusty Tahr. It assumes you've already cloned the repo and run `npm install`.

```sh
# Install Google Chrome
# https://askubuntu.com/questions/79280/how-to-install-chrome-browser-properly-via-command-line
sudo apt-get install libxss1 libappindicator1 libindicator7
wget https://dl.google.com/linux/direct/google-chrome-stable_current_amd64.deb
sudo dpkg -i google-chrome*.deb  # Might show "errors", fixed by next line
sudo apt-get install -f

# Install Node Stable (v8)
curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_8.x | sudo -E bash -
sudo apt-get install -y nodejs

# Run Chrome as background process
# https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/lkgr/headless/README.md
# --disable-gpu currently required, see link above
google-chrome --headless --hide-scrollbars --remote-debugging-port=9222 --disable-gpu &

# Take the screenshot
node index.js --url="http://www.eff.org"
```

The screenshot will then be available as *output.png*

### Setup on OSX

Headless Chrome is still highly unstable on OSX (see issue [#1](https://github.com/schnerd/chrome-headless-screenshots/issues/1)). At this point in time I recommend just running chrome & node in docker or vagrant (Vagrantfile pull requests welcome).

If you must run it natively, use the following commands:
```
/Applications/Google\ Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google\ Chrome --headless --remote-debugging-port=9222 --disable-gpu
node index.js --url="http://www.eff.org"
```

If screenshots on Mac do not appear to be working, please report an issue on [ChromeDevTools/devtools-protocol](https://github.com/ChromeDevTools/devtools-protocol), [cyrus-and/chrome-remote-interface](https://github.com/cyrus-and/chrome-remote-interface), or chromium itself.

### Setup on Docker

Build image:
```
docker build -t chrome-headless-screenshots-app .
```

Run container, saving output in local dir in the file output.png:
```
docker run -it -v ${PWD}:/var/output/ --rm chrome-headless-screenshots-app --url="http://www.eff.org"
```

Note that for newer versions of docker, you may see an error like:

```
libudev: udev_has_devtmpfs: name_to_handle_at on /dev: Operation not permitted
```

This appears to be harmless, and is caused by Chrome attempting to use /dev/shm for caching, which is more restricted in later versions of docker. If you really want to get rid of the warning then you can either dig a bit further to put together a seccomp file for chrome (see https://docs.docker.com/engine/security/seccomp/#significant-syscalls-blocked-by-the-default-profile for a start), or use `--security-opt seccomp:unconfined` but note that this is *not recommended* ("seccomp is instrumental for running Docker containers with least privilege. It is not recommended to change the default seccomp profile."). For now, we recommend just living with the warning.

### Other Resources

- [Getting Started with Headless Chrome](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/04/headless-chrome#screenshots)
- [Headless Chromium](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/lkgr/headless/README.md)
- [Chrome Debugging Protocol Viewer](https://chromedevtools.github.io/debugger-protocol-viewer/tot/)
